All righty, so I hope you enjoyed that last set of learning lessons for that client project.
Now, I'm excited about this one because we're going to dive into advanced techniques.
We're going to do another break down and kind of case study on a music video.
Now, this one's going to be exciting because we shot everything on all red cameras.
So four K and six K is what we're working with here.
We shot all of our underwater stuff on the red epic.
I want to say huge underwater housing.
Really cool everything.
We shot at one hundred and twenty frames per second.
It's super slow mo.
And then we shot everything that's normal, like heat time or on land.
Footage is shot on the red Comodo at 60 frames a second.
And I'm placing this directly after what we just worked on, because this is kind of the opposite.
The other project had a lot of complexity in the audio level of things, different sound effects, multiple
soundtracks, music layers, dialogue coming in and out.
And a lot of different moments and a lot of beats.
Now, this is the exact opposite.
So I wanted to have contrast for you so that you can learn how it's over here on this side of things
and how to do things over here on a different side of things.
So this is going to be a very complex video segment with only one audio track throughout the whole edit.
So there's really no audio transitions, no different music tracks, no going from dialogue to this
or that.
So it's the exact opposite to the other track.
And I already said this, but that's why I'm putting these back to back.
So let's go ahead and hop into the screen cap and view what the project looks like.
And then we're going to dive into breaking down some really unique moments.
OK, so what we have here is our music video edit.
And like I mentioned, we have one audio track here.
There's one very, very minimal just sound of that.
I additive just ocen at this very ending outro where the client's logo comes up.
But I mean, look at this.
This is a pretty -- complex.
Excuse me.
Dang.
Complex timeline.
So we're going to dive into these different aspects.
And let's first, before we watch the video, let's go ahead and just kind of review here.
So we have our bro Selex.
We can go ahead and click that.
And this is just like we've what we've done earlier in the course, which is to go through take our
raw footage and translate that into select.
So like I said, I mean, look at that.
We have some really cool stuff that we're going to be working with.
And because this shot was so shooting intensive, there's a daytime shooting sequence, there's a fire
shooting sequence, all the different locations have their own sequence themselves.
So this is literally 12 minutes of Selex from just one location in the daytime.
So you can see we've done the process that we've worked on together earlier in the course of labeling
and coloring our content to properly organize things in a way that we believe is the easiest to jump
back into this edit and finding exactly what we're looking for.
We then have this selects from our nighttime fire sequence.
So this is really cool stuff, shot at 60 frames per second.
We had a bonfire going, the artist dancing, moving in front of the scene and performing it.
And then we have the nighttime is singing sequence for this specifically.
I went ahead and pulled the Selex, but because it was a performance, I linked and synched up all of
the best shots so you could see them layered here that this is basically the same as this as far as
pulling selects.
But because she's singing, I made the best ones, the best performance visible.
And that's why things are stacked for this kind of Selex sequence.
So if you take a listen.
Let go.
Diffusing.
Think.
OK, cool.
So those are the best singing Selex that we have.
And then we have this really cool out of water mermaid vibe type content.
Then we have some stock footage that I purchased for the project and I pulled Selex on, but that we
actually didn't even end up using in the project, which that's going to happen.
That's definitely gonna happen.
You know, there are a few disor multiple times in your project.
So now that we know the process that we've gone through to get to where we are now in this main sequence,
I'm going to close these other sequences and we're going to watch all the way through this edit and
then we're going to deconstruct it.
Take a deep breath and find your feet.
Breathe it all the way out.
Take another deep breath and bring honor and dignity to your spine.
Breathe out.
Strong backed, soft front and close your eyes,
allow your tummy to relax in your breath, to flow naturally.
What's showing up for you today?
Notice your thoughts, feelings and sensations.
As you sift and sort through them like clouds passing in your sky, see the sun setting and twinkle
lights appearing bother's sky full of lights, dear mermaid.
Where is your North Star?
Do you see it?
Take a deep breath in breathing in all the juicy Nancy, yumminess and stickiness that life offers,
an experience yourselves revitalized now purposefully, intentionally buried out your vision all the
way across the sky, touching every twinkling star across the room, watching it hit the wall across
and all the way around the world, all the way back into your next deep breath and see the world, the
ripple with your contribution as your North Star.
Whether it's behind clouds or not guides you.
What is your purpose?
What is your why?
Open your eyes, see your North Star and fly.
Toby?
Let go.
The first big.
Kerry.
And bottle.
Oh.
OK, so a lot of stuff going on here.
There's a lot of different pockets of slok weight.
So there's a lot of different stuff going on here.
And in the next video lesson, we're going to hop in and start breaking down one of these fast.
OK.
And the next video lets you know, want to start?
We're going to do something.
So I'll see you in the next video lesson.